Learn to sing, learn to sing, learn to praise
[Applause]
Dear all, soon
we will be commemorating the birth of Emperor Tran Nhan
Tong. Our Emperor Tran Nhan
Tong was a
Bodhisattva, so when we praise the
merits of Bodhisattvas, as the
Buddha taught in the scriptures, praising those
worthy of praise creates the karmic conditions for
rebirth in the heavenly realms. Our Bodhisattva Tran Nhan Tong
is like the
Bodhisattva Avalokiteshvara, who, if he
wanted to manifest as a king, manifested as a king
to save us. Then, if he wanted to manifest as a
Bodhisattva, a male or
female monk, he manifested as a
monk. Therefore, he is a Bodhisattva who brings about:
firstly, maintaining peace in our country; and secondly,
he began to spread the Dharma to all people.
So, when we learn to sing to praise
him, each time we learn, each time
we praise him, we create the karmic conditions for
rebirth in the heavenly realms.  Is accumulating
merit easy, esteemed friends? It's
extremely easy! In the Buddha's practice of giving,
we do it ourselves, then encourage others to do it
together, even small things like that. So, with focused
mindfulness and contemplation, we really hope
our Dharma centers will learn to sing. Actually,
we don't know
where the blessings come from; they fall upon us. It turns out it's
our own accumulation, isn't it?
Learning to sing in the Dharma center, sharing it on
personal pages and Dharma center pages—isn't that how
blessings spontaneously arise? Then, when
people hear it online,
one person hears it, another praises it, and
our blessings increase. It's like bank interest, esteemed friends, isn't it? It's very good! And now, let's begin learning to sing to prepare for the program. We hope to have a
program commemorating the birth of Emperor Tran
Nhan Tong that is truly
joyful and celebratory. And
everyone in Vietnam, if they
see us at that ceremony and feel
joyful, will also have the opportunity to
ascend to a higher realm, to heaven. Is giving easy?
It's extremely easy! Because praising
Emperor Tran Nhan Tong means showing
gratitude to a king, right? And showing gratitude to
a saint, a founder of the Dharma.
Now let's begin!
We'll learn to sing the song "Dien Hong Conference, Saint
Tran Nhan Tong" so that we can all share
a feeling about
Emperor Tran Nhan Tong.
That feeling will bring us
blessings, showing gratitude to this national hero
as well as gratitude to the founder
of Buddhism. Now, please
join us in listening!
Vietnam,
our country, a glorious history of 2 years.
Vietnam, our country, a glorious history of 2 years. The great
Mongol army is charging forward, their horses galloping. 2,
3, the great Mongol army is surging, their horses are breaking, they
must be decisive, a little stronger,
a little stronger, to give it spirit. 2, 3, the great Mongol army is surging, their
horses breaking, that's it! That's really emphasized! The
next line: a forest of swords and arrows swirling
like a firestorm. The swords and arrows swirl
like a firestorm, they are determined to burn our Great Viet to
ashes.
Let us, the three of us, decide to love our Great Viet, to
destroy it
first, that is, Vietnam, that is, after a drum
roll, then when the
drum stops, we begin.
We read the word "Viet": Vietnam, our
country,
4000 years of glorious history,
the great Mongol army, stirring up trouble, clattering horses, swords,
bows and arrows, whirling like a firestorm,
they are determined to destroy our Great Viet, so
we have finished. This part has been
written, and we have
contributed merit and alms to the masses.
Now, part two will be handed
over to the cultural group, Dao Huu Hanh:
Vietnam, our country, 4 years of history, we
must ask for permission to leave the country, Vietnam, it's
a little down, Vietnam, our country,
4000 years of glorious history, power, power, power, power,
the great army, the flower, stirring up trouble, clattering horses, swords, bows and arrows, whirling
like a
firestorm. They are determined to destroy our Great Viet, too, the
chorus, please sing again. Vietnam,
our country, three years  The majestic and heroic
Northern army of the Mongol Empire surged forward, their horses galloping and groaning, their bows and
arrows whirling like leopards. The
fiery determination to burn our Great Viet to ashes,
we must put our emotions
into the song so that we can sing it for the
masses. We must be like the
people of that era, called the "
Nhiếp" in the Four-Nhiếp Pháp (Four-Nhiếp Pháp). We sing again, 2 or
3, the people of the Dien Hong Conference, Tran Nhan Tong, with their spirited and
unwavering army, like a cascading waterfall, rising
above the enemy's heads. Victory at Tam Pha!
[Music]
Our voices may not be good, but we
must have that spirit. The people of the
Dien Hong Conference, Tran Nhan Tong, with their spirited and
unwavering army, roaring like a waterfall, rising
above the enemy's heads. Victory at Tam
Pha! It has to be like that to have that spirit!
A B, try to sing loudly! The chests of the
people of the Dien Hong Conference, Tran Nhan Tong, the way
our army roars like a cascading waterfall, rising
above the enemy's heads. Victory at Tam
Pha! TH is a scholar, so he must know the lyrics, not the
masses. We must sing along without music
from the beginning. Vietnam, our country,
4 years of glorious history.  Today, the
Mongol army, with its galloping horses, stops its
swords and arrows, swirling like a raging fire. They are
determined to burn our Great Viet
to ashes. For Vietnam, our country, 40 years of glorious history, the great Mongol army from the North, with its galloping horses, resounding, stops its swords and arrows, swirling like a raging fire. They are determined to burn our Great Viet to ashes. For Hung Dong, the people of Dien Hong, Tran Nhan Tong, the
spirit of our army roars like a
waterfall. Stepping on the heads of the enemy,
victory and
heroism. For Vietnam, our country, we
love peace. Tran Nhan Tong, the holy ancestor, the great hero, the great general, the enemy
stands tall.
[Music] In the great hall,
we all follow the music.
Vietnam, our country, 40 years of
glorious history, the great Mongol army, with its galloping horses,
stops its swords and arrows, swirling like a raging fire.
They are determined to burn our Great Viet to ashes.
[Music]
Vietnam, our country, 40 years of glorious history,
together with the North, we capture the great Mongol army,
drawing them back
to D, the sides swirling like a raging fire,
determined to burn our country to ashes.
Long Xuan, the sound of the drum, Tran Nhan Tong, the sound of the
drum, like a map connecting the country on
the head of the enemy. Victory, Tam, the glorious victory,
Vietnam, our country, the Min,
loves peace. Tran Nhan Tam, the glorious victory, the ban, the Xang, the enemy, An, the Ha, the [
music]
Vietnam, our country, four generations, holding history,
Hung Phuong captured the great Yuan army, the Xang, the
destruction, the plan, the name turned, the room like a
newspaper, the Decision called, the border, our country, the Min, loves peace,
Ho Tran Nhan Tong, the
strange spirit, the army, the sound of the drum, like a map connecting the
head of the enemy. Victory, the ban, the glorious victory,
Vietnam, our country, the Min, loves
peace, Tran Nhan Tong, holy, the Minh,
ban, the handover, the enemy, the enemy, the Phu, the
love, the Min, taught the people, the law, the
Ba, how, the [
music] [music]
then
[music]
C
y